All right welcome back my students in this lecture here I'm going to answer a request from one of you
guys out there.
Basically the request was.
Why don't we make a feature right daddy text.
If the horse has a user.
So what we're going to be doing is going to be assigning our admin users to post.
All right.
So instead of having this coming from the front end we're going to have this assigned to a user inside
here.
So what we need to do.
I'm going to tell you in a brief here what we need to do.
Basically when we add a new post right here from Admin we need to really use a stable with a post table
just like we did here with the categories we are getting the idea and we're getting the title we do
the same thing and then we send it in to our post table we make a new column.
I don't know saying something like Polsce user or something like that.
We search the ID and then from there we pull that information right here so we know that other policies
related to that user.
All right.
So I'm going to go ahead and start doing this quickly so that where you can see how this is done.
But I will challenge you if you want to go ahead and do that.
That would be very nice for you to try that on your own.
All right.
So go to your ad on the score post up DHP page.
Right one thing that I want to fix here on this page is that.
Let's go here.
We need to have a label here in javascript there category stuff re element.
So let's just put a label real quick here and just call it category
right there.
All right.
Save it.
Come back here.
Enter now we have a category there.
All right.
Perfect.
So this post all right here is a tets tetes element so what we need to do is create a dropdown like
we do here with the categories but a drop down of users.
Right.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So we have the code right here for categories why don't we use this right.
So I'm just going to copy this whole thing here.
I actually had a copy from this day.
Here we go in there and it come down to Basel.
I'm going to come in this out just in case.
Maybe you make an error or something right.
And you want it come back.
Well you got to do press control Z or command Z and don't do everything.
So I'm going to say this.
I'm going to call this users and I change this label to users and it changes change.
I mean changes to users.
Basically we're modifying all of this stuff here.
Select users copy is history here based here.
All right.
And if you allow the user ID.
That's a column in the database.
Hopefully we'll double check on that later.
All right.
And then this would be the user name.
I believe the same thing that I got in the database.
We'll double check on that later.
Use a name right here.
And user ID right there.
So let's check on that list saving come back here and ther.
Whoops we're making a mistake somewhere.
I'm going to right click on I going to show you a trick.
Go to the page source and go all the way to the bottom and you can see that I have a mistake and an
error there.
All right.
So this is on line 93 let me see what I did.
I'm probably doing to.
You see this two dollar signs say come back here again and save it.
And now we can see this.
Right now we're not pulling our users.
For some reason we'll double check on that and see what's going on.
So we are selecting everything from users.
Let's go ahead and quote a user squarer let's just change this.
Just in case
we don't just change this a quick
cephalic users we're doing this.
Good user name we have with Alasan right here.
All right let's go ahead and check this out now.
Answer still nothing.
All right let's come back here.
Let's see what mistake we were making.
Did do that two dollar signs.
This is when I copy and paste what happens.
Enter.
And now we have pull in the users.
Beautiful.
All right.
So on the next lecture we're going to be doing this.
We're going to check our columns in our users table just to make sure that we have the right columns.
All right.
So then we'll jump into this page right here and try to bring this up right here.
So anyway I see you in the next lecture.
It was a pleasure like always.
Thank you so much for being my student and see you next